# May 15, 2025

## New Features

* When you click the \[Apply] button on a code block in AI Side Chat, you can now manage all changes at once using the \[Accept All] or \[Discard All] buttons at the top of the editor.

## **Changes**

* Updated the container loading screen with a new animation.
* Improved Arkain sidechat to remember more conversation history, enhancing context awareness.
* Auto Completion is now available without limitations for all users.
* Removed unnecessary padding from the file path tooltip that appears when hovering over editor tabs.
* Added a template community page within the dashboard to help you experience a consistent identity for your services.
* Changed container name to change when project folder name is changed.
* Added renewed SSH configuration table to the settings page.
* Added an email alert when the container is hibernated, so you can know exactly when it happened.

## Bug Fixes

* Fixed terminal to reconnect when reconnecting after internet outage.
* Fixed the bug where the size did not match when refreshing the terminal.
* Fixed the bug where the chat to be displayed in Arkain SideChat would be truncated when it was too long.
* Fixed a bug where the template stack filter was not accurate.
* Fixed issue where excluded files were affected by Replace All.
* Fixed the bug where the template list was not properly refreshed when recreating a failed template.
* Fixed accordion button text styling in checkout page.
* Fixed the bug where the container progress bar displayed incorrect status when creating a container from a template.
* Fixed the bug where the order of the creating container card from a template and the pinned container card was inconsistent within the dashboard.
